good Monty big boys have you only on the
show so tell us a little about this dish
first of all we see a tuna
yeah with a few spices on it then we
have a salad of apples radish and some
classes and have a kind of puree so it's
quite like this quite I like this we'll
get on to the Christian minute this is
lion caught tuna line caught tuna
yeah well sushi grade this is some of
the best ones yup the tuna king gets
okay in here we have a peppercorns why
peppercorns cloves ground ginger and
nutmeg yeah who's gonna blend all these
together for the actual crush to go
around it so this is just what equal
quantities of each people quantities of
each and we'll just grating some they're
not making but you're going to blend
this through to second it's more
aromatic and spice is not a spicy as
John's yeah it's a small mattock coffee
it's plush we've got all the gear so
tell us what it's like I think we saw
you on obviously the great fish menu and
doing the fish cross what's it like
working in the kitchen Phillip because
it what else was in the kitchen as well
what's BT your city and I always got
that question till Oh Tameka but there
wasn't there it was quite genuine or
wanted to do well yeah II was just
worried about the food when in financing
the the egos so he's gonna steal the
tuner off in a nice warm palm not too
hot so we don't burn in the spices right
now you've worked with some amazing
chefs in your career I've worked some
good chefs have been was Marco pure
white like pure white Michel Roux at the
Gavroche and Chris Kelvin at windows
we've had on the show we have indeed yes
I've been quite lucky we need to work
these people I think if you've quite
willing to dedicate your time to work
with these people you've reached Atlanta
so now obviously we're open or Detmold
but that's on Tuesday in promote ills so
you mentioned the restaurant you want
Matt this week believe it's four days
old but you're here I'm here times can
we I don't know you at lunch we open for
lunch I'll be straight back so the
sooner I get the tuna done right it's a
better
so once the tuna sealed all the way
around we're gonna keep a very rare in
the middle kind of tuna such a great
great piece of tuna we're gonna keep it
nice and raw yeah to keep all the
flavors so it's going to wrap it want
just to keep it keep its shape and to
firm up in the fridge so we can when we
come to slice after there's some nice
slices of the tuna how do you keep it in
the fish for about an hour so that's it
for me you don't like your own spices be
nice you know a fashion alive smells
delicious right tuna the tuners in next
one we're gonna do have a kind of puree
this is very similar to a camel that's
the idea behind it they're going to
purify it so it's the same again fresh
avocados into the dress we have some
limes and since Abascal
you could put coriander if you wanted to
but I'm gonna just go with avocados
Brian survivors of an avocado banana in
it banana put a banana in a bag two
avocados and you give your avocados go
right because the enzymes the banana
don't go banana what have you leave them
out I just leave him on the windowsill
my mother used to put my newspaper stick
them on a windowsill and we see we don't
have a microwave the kitchen but
say the lien on top of a microwave is
actually I've no idea no microwave what
are you trying to say that I crave more
lined up there
he's busy there you must have my chips